some days my childhood feels
so very far away
and others i can almost see it
a magical land of my youth like a
beautiful dream
of when the whole world felt like a
promise
and the lessons that lay ahead yet
unseen
looking back i wish i'd listened
wish i'd watched more closely and
understood
but sometimes you can't see what you're
learning
until you come out the other side
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
um
i've seen this contest humble even the
most seasoned warriors diana
i can do it just do your best
and remember greatness is not what you
think
pace yourself and watch
your time will come diane
you will become all that you dream of
anymore
and everything will be different
[Applause]
[Music]
those are cool i like those animal
[Applause]
prints
uh
[Music]
we won't be doing that today
we gotta go
well aren't you resourceful come with me
no
i don't think so remove this woman
please
permanently
are you okay
[Music]
diana one day
you'll become all that you dream of and
more
and everything will be different
[Music]
this world is not yet ready
for all that you will do
you'll become a legend
[Music]
wonder woman 1984 in theaters and
streaming exclusively on hbo max
december 25th rady pg-13
this world is not yet ready for all that
you will do
the time will come diana
and everything will be different
citizens of the world i'm here to change
your life
anything you want
anything you dream of you can have it
look like you saw a ghost
diana lucky you it's like now one day
has passed
i don't want to be like anyone i want to
be an
apex predator
you've always had everything while
people like me have had nothing
well now it's my turn
get used to it
i've never been one for rules the answer
is always more
the way i fly they will never find us i
forgot to tell you what
radar will they will they shoot at us
[Music]
barbara what did you do
you know i'm not so keen on this one i
figure uh you are but
you know what i'm ready to go i think we
can do better
parachute pants yeah um does everybody
parachute now
you